Item: Castle Key
Description: Dude its for the door right in front of you, I don't know how you expect to get the princess out of her room...

Item: Crowbar
Description: Could be used to pry something open.

Item: West Wing Key
Description: Key to gain access to the west wing of the castle.

Item: Crumpled Letters
Description: Its a bunch of letter from the princess to someone but you cant quite make out their name her handwriting is horrible. It would seem she made a lot of drafts.

Item: Farewell Letter?
Description: Her horrid handwriting immediately gives you a headache, You can make out a name ... Prince Recluse... what is that French or something? you can just about make out another word... ELOPE!???


Item: Bedroom Key
Description: Key to Hikkiko's bedroom , but how can she have locked herself in if the key is out here?

Item: Rotting Dresser
Description: Looks pretty pryable...
Contents: West Wing Key, Crumpled Letters
Keys: Crowbar

Location: 1
Name: Castle Entrance
Description: Entrance to the great castle of princess hikkiko she's locked herself in her castle once again and its your job to get her out!
Contents: Castle Key
NORTH 2, Castle Key
IN 2, Castle Key

Location: 2
Name: Castle Great Hall
Description: A grand entrance to a castle connected to all rooms of the castle, theres an open cupboard with something sticking out
Contents: Crowbar
OUT 1
SOUTH 1
EAST 3
WEST 4, West Wing Key
NORTH 5, Bedroom Key
IN 5, Bedroom Key

Location: 3
Name: Castle East Wing
Description: The castles east wing you notice an ancient dresser in the corner maybe theres a clue as to why shes locked herself away again...
Contents: Rotting Dresser
OUT 2
WEST 2

Location: 4
Name: Castle West wing
Description: The west wing of the castle , The kitchen has pots and pans scattered abaout... looks like someones left in a hurry. You notice a tiny glint coming from the windowsill...
Contents: Bedroom Key
OUT 2
EAST 2

Location: 5
Name: Princess Hikkiko's Room
Description: Hikkiko? Hikkiko isnt in her room?? but there is another letter...? (End of game for now!)
Contents: Farewell Letter?
OUT 2
SOUTH 2
